It was him and two other people who stole the money from the stars
I still want to hit him
I just started
Your little building
Said that Xiaolong stole your sister's money
Just rely on Brother Song Nan and your stinky stepfather who carries bricks
How much money is there for Xiaolong to grab?
Speak with respect
Zhaozhao never lies
Zhaozhao mother
Uncle Xiaolong is right
Their family donated 1 million to the school
How can you steal your child's money?
I advise you to take your child and kneel down to Xiaolong
Three small heads apart
Why don't you get me out of kindergarten
Zhao Zhao did nothing wrong
It's you who should apologize
How can you be such a parent?
Chengcheng asked you to kneel and apologize, that's a chance for you
I don't know, forget it
I still want the young master who started a family to apologize to you
This opportunity is for you, do you want it?
Zhaozhao mother
Do you know who Cheng Shao is?
He is the boyfriend of Miss Song Group
Inferior people like you
It would be nice to have access to it
Do you dare to yell at him?
Just don't know
I advise you to hurry up
Delayed the honest date
You can take responsibility.
Absolutely impossible
Since you don't kneel
Then our kindergarten can't keep you either.
Take your two children to kindergarten
If I say no
That's up to you.
Security, kick these three downtown areas out for me
Ah!
Let him go!
let go
Your kindergarten really opened my eyes